Yes Good morning
Boundary will be the first post
It seems to get up asleep, but from 4 pieces
I think I want to open in the luggage Gato offer
In the box
Such a catalog called DOCOMO 2013 new model selection
It was included
I am
Went It is like this
I will
Contact Whoa
Open it will continue the opening-kun in the way Mr. Yokomo of was written
Hmm
Matoriaezu is bought
It is red unreasonable
I bought the last time is the horizontal mottain Nowa month brassiness pit controller
We will raise the by eh It is also referred to as the scan Pikon for short
I
Sounds good
Day
Let 's just go there
10.5 Tan
I did a lift so I turned it off and turned it into a button
Until yesterday, this used to use Tamiya brush smart until far
We also bought the horizontal 3-0 brushless because of the difference
next
Small action
Sensor is this
It is a very warfare Pioneer
Yes next
I like it
me
Isn't it refreshing
It was a house
this
I heard this
I heard one black wire
Hmm
Well it's left behind and unified, isn't it?
Yes
Chika's Day
In this black and red radio
It is connected with patties
Well deaf does It is cheap so is another little bit of craft beautiful
I wanted to sponge now
You now retired
Said such at any time
Sumo wrestler and sensored type instruction manual
Bij 整数 integer
I am
Yes next time spending cost against well speed controller blsp 3 toy
It said it is handling instructions
I can not do stupid 3D because it is Saturday
Can a say
I can not do it
Within the region
It is a match on Monday
Yes it is a note
This is a child squirrel who is often a servant
Opening video & motor and speed control
I will finish the explanation
Thank you for your viewing